CDLabelMaker            8 Aug 2006

CDLabelMaker is a rexx script for TrueSpectra's PhotoGraphicPro to
interactively make CD and DVD labels.

It requires PhotoGraphicPro, available on Hobbes, and rexx support
enabled. It has been tested with Object Rexx only, but i don't
see any requirements that preclude Classic Rexx.

Setup:

Move CDLamelmaker.cwx to pgpro\scripts, fire up pgPro and load
a new project. Use Cntrl-T to set the output parameters to
8.5 x 11.0 inches, and top margin= 0.04, left margin=0.28.
Now Cntrl-Z to run the script.

If you ask for instructions, it will open the rexx console if
it's not already open and give some basic info. No proceeds
directly to the next query, Cancel exits the script.

Assuming you didn't cancel, you will get another message box,
Wrap Text, asking which label to build. Cancel ends the process.
Click Yes to start with the upper label. A label should magicly
appear. Labels have three basic components; a Target (black/white)
which defines the outer boundary, a Hole (grey with black centering
dot and cross hair) which defines the inner boundary and a Label,
(green) which is the background for your design. You may play with
the label but not with the Target or Hole. When you are done wrapping
text, the Targets will be deleted and the Holes will be convered to
white except for the crosshair and centering dot.

You are now ready to wrap some text. Create a Solid Color Headline
Text box of appropriate size, and enter some text. Position the
Vertical center (horizontal is not important) between the Hole and
outer edge of the Label. Click Ok. A group, TxtW_1, will be created
if possible, otherwise you should get an error message and must
correct your error (there are no program errors:) before proceeding.
The TxtW group can be manipulated with the digital controls.

When done adding wrapped text, press cancel, which will get you back
to the label choice message. You can now do label 2. Pressing
cancel ends the program, and erases the targets and the Headline text
object you have been using. You may now add effects, non-wrapped text
or other embellishents until you are ready to print.

Wrapped text are actually individual block text regions of one
character each grouped in a custom region which can be scaled, rotated,
etc as an object.

The page description is at the start of the program and must be
modified if you are not using CD Stomper labels. These labels are
2-up in opposing corners with jewel case labels. The X-Y centers
of the labels must be specified in an obscure frame of reference,
so the easiest option is to print a dummy set of labels on plain
paper and adjust the coordinates until the crosshairs print in the
correct place. Be sure to change the pgPro output specs to match
the printer/sheet you are using. If you are using metric (cm)
dimensions in pgPro, you must use them for all the label.* variables,
but do not change interior program variables. Metric has not been tested!

Credits:

TrueSpectra for making pgPro available!

The text rotation stuff, and math routines are from Apln2.cwx
 *Roberto Gainza   zikonyl@attglobal.net
 *Team OS/2 spain  http://www.os2spain.org

The program is free, not copyrighted and not copyrightable.

Warrentee:
If works then jan <- credit
else AoG rules apply.

Fixes/comments:
jan lambert   snapdrgn@cruzio.com

